API update, build fixes, add some API flows (#545)
harvester/docs: docs/upload-image.md

### Upload Images via URL

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="ui" label="UI" default>

To import virtual machine images in the **Images** page, enter a URL that can be accessed from the cluster. Description and labels are optional.

:::note

The image name will be auto-filled using the URL address's filename. You can customize the image name at any time.

:::

![](/img/v1.2/upload-image.png)
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="api" label="API">

> To import a virtual machine image from a URL via the API, create a
> `VirtualMachineImage` object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import a virtual machine image from a repository using the API, create a `VirtualMachineImage` object. You must specify a URL that can be accessed from the cluster.

Example:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: harvesterhci.io/v1beta1
kind: VirtualMachineImage
metadata:
  name: opensuse-leap
  namespace: default
spec:
  description: A human-readable description for the VM image
  displayName: openSUSE-Leap
  sourceType: download
  url: "https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/Cloud:/Images:/Leap_15.5/images/openSUSE-Leap-15.5.x86_64-NoCloud.qcow2"
  checksum: 80c27afb7cd791ac86ee1b0b0c572a242f6142579db5beac841e71151d370cd6
```

> Refer to [the reference docs](./api/create-namespaced-virtual-machine-image)
> for the full specifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [API reference](./api/create-namespaced-virtual-machine-image).
```
